hey guys techique HD here again with
another video and today i have my full
unpackaging installation and full review
of the I carbons white carbon fiber skin
front and back for the iPhone 5c so that
any further ado let's get straight on
into the video alright guys just to save
you some time I did decide to speed up
this part because it actually did take
me quite a long time with actually
getting the thing to fit right and then
conforming it to the curvature of the
device but of course I did follow the
video tutorial that I carbons has posted
on their YouTube page and they actually
do have some really really good
tutorials on how to install all of their
skins not just the ones for the iPhone
5c they do give you a bunch of tricks
which actually do teach you how to
install it
from actually turning off part of the
release liner to lining it up and then
actually cleaning out the dust and then
actually you conforming it to the device
they also recommend that you do use a
hairdryer for devices like this which
are curved and so I actually did do that
and as you guys can see here one of the
good things about the skin is that it is
removable so I actually did have to take
it off quite a number of times but of
course after managing to get it lined
properly I did actually use my sister's
hair dryer which is why you can probably
see a pink hair dryer in the video at
some point to actually heat it up to the
point where the vinyl melts just a
little bit and then it conforms
perfectly to the device and I think that
it looks very very nice the skin
actually fits just perfectly I actually
have it exactly lined up and I think
that this is the best install I've ever
done and so without any further ado now
let's move on straight to the review of
the I carbon skin for the iPhone 5c
alright guys so if we take a quick look
at the skin as you guys can see as I
mentioned before it conforms perfectly
to device the credits are just perfect
if you guys want to install the optional
home button which at the time we've
actually doing the voiceover for this
video I have but in the clip by hand
that's also a possibility and they do
include it in the box or in the
packaging as you can also see here the
weave just looks perfect the carbon
fiber feels amazing in your hand it
feels really really good on the device
and the iPhone 5c by itself the
polycarbonate material that it's
actually made out of sometimes if it's
like drying you wipe it down it does
feel good in the hand
but more often than not it does feel
very slippery and I just don't like it
and this skin actually adds a really
nice new texture to the device which
makes it a lot easier to hold and
actually use more on a day-to-day basis
I've actually found myself using my
iPhone a little bit more since the time
I installed this skin and I really
really do like it now as you guys can
see from these clips that are on screen
right now on the buttons the ports
everything is cut out just perfectly and
it does not interfere with any of the
accessories or peripherals that you
would like to connect to the device now
this also does work with the majority of
cases because it is an ultra slim skin
so it isn't really gonna protect you
from any drops or anything but then
again that's not what it's meant for
it is definitely gonna protect you
against scratches and if you're like me
I actually have a screen protector
underneath the front skin because the
skin doesn't actually have a built-in
screen protector
unlike the likes of something like the
Brixton color shield but either way this
can be installed on top of a screen
protector if you so desire and that's
what I've done because I wanted to
protect the actual display and as you
can see here again I was I was saying
before the texture the feeling of the
phone altogether it does feel really
really nice and also not just visually
but also aesthetically I think that the
skin really does add a touch of style
and increased functionality in terms of
actually gripping the phone altogether
now overall I really really do like the
skin and I would definitely recommend
you guys take a look oh they do make
skins for a plethora of devices not just
the iPhone 5c but also the iPhone 5
iPhone 5s or your Mac books gaming
consoles Xbox Playstation anything you
can really desire I'm pretty sure they
also have a lot of Galaxy devices and
other Android devices skins as well so
either way if you would like more
information do remember to hit up I
carbons the link to which is in the
description below if you guys enjoyed
this video please do about to leave it a
thumbs up and for more videos like these
as well as other unboxings reviews
tutorials and much much more please do
remember to subscribe anyway thank you
very much for watching and as always I
will catch you all in the next video
peace
you